

CHAPTER 1

Loomings.


My name is Ishmael. Any years ago - do not worry for how much time
precisely - to have few ones or no money in my purse and nothing
detail to show interest on coast, I have thought that I would sail on to
a little and you see the watery part of the world. It is a way of which I have
the expulsion of the spleen and the regulation of the circulation. Each time that I
hard crescendo is on the mouth; each time that is a dampness,
drizzly November in my soul; each time that I am unintentionally
when a moment was stopping before coffin warehouses and bringing the rearguard up of each
I meet the funeral; and particularly each time that my hypos obtain such a superior
the hand of me, which orders to a moral beginning strong with forestall me
deliberatamente to enter into the road, and methodically to knock
the hats of the people road - then, I consider it just moment to arrive at sea as lend
as I can. This is my substitute for pistol and ball. With to
the philosophic embellishment Cato jumps on his sword; I quietly
take to the ship. It is nothing that it catches in this. If they but
it has known him, almost all the men in their degree, no time or other, they are nourishing
very almost the same sentiments towards the ocean with me.

Now it is your insular city of Manhattoes, surrounded with a belt round
the quays as Indian islands at barrier reefs - surround the commerce
his horses. The right and left, the roads take It waterward. His
the extreme centre is the battery, where that one neo-noble is washed
the waves, and cooled at breezes, outside at which some preceding hours have been
land sight. He looks at the crowds of water - gazers there.

Circumambulate the city of an afternoon of dreamy Saturday. Go
Corlears Hook to Mistake of Coenties, and of there, of English Government,
towards North. What does he see? - Announced like silent sentries all round
the city, the stand thousands on thousands of mortal men been fixed on ocean
fantasies. Someone that lean against the spigots; someone made sitting on
witness of the pier; a little bit of inspection of the ramparts of ships with China; someone
in high in high in the equipment, as if itself being strained of arriving even better
towards the sea peeped. But this is every landsmen; in days of week contained in
lath and plaster - tied to banks nailed to benches, concluded to
writing desks. How then it is this? Do they make the fields green? What does it make their
here?

But look! here come crazier, measuring to straight pass for the water, and
to how much does he seem tied by a dive. Strange! Nothing will satisfy them, but
the most extreme limit of the land; the bighellonaggio under the shaded shelter of
over there the warehouses will not be enough. Number. They must arrive as almost
the water as perhaps they can without collapsing. And there they
stand - their miles - leagues. Inlanders all, comes from lanes
and lanes, roads and avenues - North, East, South and West. Still
here all their joins.